README.md, before:

# Arch Linux ARM Ansible Scripts

I always wanted to be able to customize and add to Arch Linux ARM embedded installs.

The goal here is to have a set of playbooks that generates an SD card that's supposed to boot and already be usable for a particular application (ex: the alarm setup for my [guitar](https://hypertriangle.com/~alex/guitar/)).

## Dependencies

* [Ansible](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/)
* qemu-user-static in order to [chroot from x86 into an arm system](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/QEMU#Chrooting_into_arm/arm64_environment_from_x86_64)).
    * Arch aur packages:
        * [qemu-user-static](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/qemu-user-static/)
        * [binfmt-qemu-static](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/binfmt-qemu-static/)
    * Debian: [qemu-user-static](https://packages.debian.org/sid/qemu-user-static), contains binfmt too
* [arch-chroot](https://man.archlinux.org/man/arch-chroot.8) in $PATH from arch package [arch-install-scripts](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/any/arch-install-scripts/).
    * Note for other distros: This is a very self contained file, so feel free to just grab/unpack it from the [arch package file](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/any/arch-install-scripts/download) with a tar invocation.

## How to run

Optional: Add your own .play.yml files for more custom applications.

```bash
alarm-ansible% sudo ansible-playbook *.play.yml -v
```

Then copy results of build/chroot to an sd card.
TODO: partioning and writing to sd cards.

Commit message:

More playbooks: added hostname and user management

README.md, after:

# Arch Linux ARM Ansible Scripts

I always wanted to be able to customize and add to Arch Linux ARM embedded installs.

The goal here is to have a set of playbooks that generates an SD card that's supposed to boot and already be usable for a particular application (ex: the alarm setup for my [guitar](https://hypertriangle.com/~alex/guitar/)).

## Dependencies

* [Ansible](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/)
* qemu-user-static in order to [chroot from x86 into an arm system](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/QEMU#Chrooting_into_arm/arm64_environment_from_x86_64)).
    * Arch aur packages:
        * [qemu-user-static](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/qemu-user-static/)
        * [binfmt-qemu-static](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/binfmt-qemu-static/)
    * Debian: [qemu-user-static](https://packages.debian.org/sid/qemu-user-static), contains binfmt too
* [arch-chroot](https://man.archlinux.org/man/arch-chroot.8) in $PATH from arch package [arch-install-scripts](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/any/arch-install-scripts/).
    * Note for other distros: This is a very self contained file, so feel free to just grab/unpack it from the [arch package file](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/any/arch-install-scripts/download) with a tar invocation.

## How to run

Define your inventory (at least for the machine settings), see
inventory_template.yml for more details on how or where to put them.

Optional: Add your own .play.yml files for more custom applications.

```bash
alarm-ansible% sudo ansible-playbook *.play.yml -v
```

Then copy results of build/chroot to an sd card.
TODO: partioning and writing to sd cards.
